[ Silence ]
[ Music ]
>> There has been a nuclear
accident in the Soviet Union
and the Soviets have
admitted that it happened.
The Soviet version is this.
One of the atomic
reactors at the Chernobyl,
atomic power plant in the
City of Kiev was damaged,
and there
is speculation in Moscow
that people were injured
and may have died.
The Soviets may have
been fairly quick
to acknowledge the accident
because evidence in the form
of mild and nuclear radiation
had already reached beyond the
Soviet borders to Scandinavia.
>> Barack Obama: We do
not expect harmful levels
of radiation to reach the
West Coast, Hawaii, Alaska,
or the U.S. territories
in the Pacific.
Furthermore, the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention
and public health experts
do not recommend that people
in the United States take
precautionary measures beyond
staying informed.
>> Regina Meredith:
It's becoming clear
that the nuclear disasters at
Chernobyl in 1986 and Fukushima
in 2011 were much more serious
than the public has
been led to believe.
From contaminated reactor
water leaking into the ocean
to rain clouds, depositing
radioactive elements
around the world, I
believe it's time to speak
about how it's affecting us
in what we can do about it.
Fukushima is the only
the latest nuclear event
and no one really
knows the true nature
of what devastation is to come.
But we can learn from people
who lived through Chernobyl.
One of those people
is Katrine Volynsky.
Katrine has an amazing
story of both the effects
of radiation exposure and how
to cleanse it from our bodies.
So first of all,
Katrine, welcome
and how did you feel watching
those two sound bites?
>> Katrine Volynsky: Oh my
gosh, especially the first one,
you know, being there
and experiencing it all
and seeing how it was seen in
the west.
Wow.
>> Regina: Let's correct that.
>> Volynsky: You know, this
is the first time I've seen.
>> Regina: Really?
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
>> Regina: OK.
So from your perspective,
now, you were very young,
but looking back on it,
from your perspective,
what was happening on the
ground in the Soviet Union?
>> Volynsky: Well, on the
ground, right when I was a child
and this was happening,
we didn't know.
There was absolutely no one
else and was nothing that day
when it was all happening, the
only thing I remember as a child
that the sky was
this crazy color.
>> Regina: The sky
was a crazy color?
>> Volynsky: Yeah, it was.
I do remember that.
And we were in the area,
there was no mentioning
about anything, no one
knew, and they actually got
onto another destination later,
and no was saying
anything for a while actually.
We have no idea that
this was happening.
>> Regina: When you say awhile,
how long before you
knew what had happened?
>> Volynsky: Well, it was
at least couple of weeks
until we actually even knew
that there was an explosion,
you know, the media was not
as prominent as it is here.
So, you know, everyone--
>> Regina: What was controlled?
>> Volynsky: It was control,
yeah, and there was--
there were talks about it being
an exposure and then that wasn't
that serious, you know, like
by week three, week four that's
when we started
getting more information
that there were serious
conditions
and the children
were being moved
to other places from
the actual area.
>> Regina: So for your
own personal part of that,
you and your family where on a
family outing, and let's talk
about when-- during that
event you were moving through,
so we can understand the degree
of direct exposure you had.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
We were really close to the
location during the time
of explosion and right past the
explosion, we were in the area
that was a little
bit further down
but it still getting quite a bit
of fallout and actually a lot
of the children from the area
got moved to where we were.
And further down, you know,
after probably six months,
my family ended up moving
to a place in Belarus
which was supposedly safe.
There was not supposed
to be much radiation.
It was like mild acid rain.
How acid rain can be mild.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: I have no idea.
But, yeah, we moved to those
areas in Belarus and, you know,
we lived there for
the next 8 years
and that's actually the area
that was getting 40 percent
of the fallout for next seven
years after the explosion.
Again, no one knew.
We were just unlucky that way.
And that's where most of the
children that were born actually
after the explosion and not
in the area were getting--
starting to get defects,
you know,
cardiovascular issues,
hormonal issues.
And I was one of those
children, you know,
everyone in my family
got touched
by this explosion
and by radiation.
>> Regina: But yours was
a slightly unique story,
because everyone in-- well,
it sounds like most everyone
in your family did
develop cancer.
>> Volynsky: Um-hmm.
>> Regina: You did not.
Let's talk about the
distinguishing factor there.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
I was very different in a way
how I was approaching my eating,
like I declared it
since I was child.
I was not going to eat meat.
And I think this was one of the
reasons why it didn't touched me
as much because a lot of
the wild game, a lot of meat
from cows and pigs,
everything that was being used
in a villages around
because you were probably--
most of your food sources came
actually from your own backyard
and from your own
slaughter house, I guess.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: So, I was
not one of those children.
I was not eating a lot
of the animal products.
>> Regina: Because it
was being concentrated
into the tissues
of all the animals.
>> Volynsky: Exactly.
So, most of the issues that
the children and, you know,
adults were getting
were from consumption
of contaminated products, and
because we couldn't buy products
from somewhere else and
that was not available,
they had to eat something
that was grown in the area,
that was consistently exposed to
radioactive particles, you know,
everything from wild berries to,
you know, mushrooms to dairy,
you know, everything has
some kind of concentration
of reactive nucleotides.
Even when I was growing up,
I remember once everyone knew
and everyone was talking about
it that there is radiation
like we were checking
soil every day,
like my grandmother was checking
soil, and checking the water,
making sure it was
safe to drink,
you know, but how safe is safe?
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: You know?
>> Regina: And so what happened
to the rest of your family?
>> Volynsky: The rest of my
family, everyone is alive.
This is-- We've been extremely--
>> Regina: That's a good news.
>> Volynsky: -- lucky.
Yeah, extremely lucky.
Everyone is alive,
we had a few cancers.
One of my cousins, you know, she
was 15 years old at the time,
and she got leukemia, she
was in a ward with 40 kids,
and today there is only her and
then that child that's alive.
So you can understand the, you
know, how the difficult it was.
>> Regina: How the severity.
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: And
then once again,
it was not the children right
at the Chernobyl, it was
children that were living
in Belarus that were
getting the fallout.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: That was
supposedly not harmful,
you know.
>> Regina: And was
there a high degree
of mortality among young people?
As you say, only a couple
out of those 40 are still alive
today and they were young.
>> Volynsky: They were young.
But you have to understand
how it was happening.
It wasn't right away.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: You know, like
we're looking at casualties
from nuclear exposure, it's
usually people that are kind
of dying within the
next couple years
from the exposure
right in the place.
This was happening overtime
as people are getting--
developing cancer,
cardiovascular disease and,
you know, disease that
were really affecting them.
And it was taking years but it
was still the rates had gone
up quite significantly
in the area.
>> Regina: And for you,
you didn't escape it.
You just didn't have cancer.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
>> Regina: And so let's
talk about what happened
with your own body because
it was equally as dramatic
and you did die in the process.
>> Volynsky: I did.
Well, what ended up
happening with me,
I end up getting extreme anemia
and really disturbing
endocrinology issues.
>> Regina: Nosebleeds?
>> Volynsky: Nosebleeds, that
was like normal for everyone.
>> Regina: Everyone
was having nosebleeds?
>> Volynsky: Pretty
much everyone
in schools getting nosebleeds,
that was normal thing.
Nosebleeds, not such a big deal.
I was getting issues with my
hormones and in the process
of couple times bleeding
pretty much to death.
I died, pretty much
did die to death.
I died, and I was clinically
dead for seven minutes
and magically I came
back, you know--
>> Regina: Well, there
were-- we talked off camera,
there were some emotional
components.
>> Volynsky: There was
big emotional components.
>> Regina: And there's
always love.
There's always love that seems
to be pulling people back
and your love for your
grandmother who really took care
of you and raised you.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: That was definitive
factor of why I came back.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: It was
definitely not my time
and was also the love
for my grandmother.
>> Regina: At the same
time you came back
and you've had a
very exciting life.
We don't have time to
get into your life,
but it's the kind that
movies are based upon
and novels are written about.
You ended up with in contact
with very interesting
high powered people all
over the world throughout
your life.
But as of quite a few years ago,
you started throwing yourself
as a result of some of these
health problems into the
solutions and you're probably
one
of the most intrepid
researchers I've met.
And just so, you know, off
camera, we were talking
about this, the people
that I interview,
there's almost no one you
haven't been in contact
with before I got there.
And so I just want to say
that because what people are
about to hear and we're going
to do another interview as well
on total well-being
is grounded in many,
many years of a very
solid scientific research.
And so, let's go
into what happened
from that point,
after you came back.
>> Volynsky: So after
I came back,
and I was still in Russia that
point.
I got somewhat stabilized
by medical terms, you know.
I was still controlling
my hormones
by just taking birth
control pills
and not feeling amazing ever,
you know, I always had issues
with chronic fatigue
and just low energy.
But in the same time, when
we moved here to America,
it took probably a few more
years of very fast-paced
lifestyle. I ended up going to
university.
I was doing double major.
I was modeling.
I was working.
It was a lot of stress, not
enough taking care of yourself.
Now as much as I know about
my health, I'm just surprised
that my body had
survived this long.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: And by the
time I was in my early 20s,
like my body just started
shutting down, organ by organ,
you know, system by system, I
started feeling worse and worse
and no one could tell
me how to fix myself.
And no one could tell me
that it was from radiation.
It actually took quite a
bit of digging to figure it
out that it was still in my
body, it was still affecting.
>> Regina: In the bone marrow?
>> Volynsky: In the
bone marrow, yes,
it actually took bone
marrow sample to figure
out that it was still there
and still affecting my
body all these years later.
>> Regina: Now, your an
extreme example of someone
who was right near ground
zero more or less and grew
up in the effects
of this fallout,
but the reality is this is
what people don't understand
right now.
We feel a... great
compassion for the people
in Japan and what's going on and
many people have been impacted.
But what's not as well known
because the media doesn't talk
about it is that there is
a drift that is occurring
of this radiation which is only
increasing in its output now,
a couple years later more--
two and a half, almost three
years later, it's increasing
and we're going to go
with the clip I talked
with Patrick Flanagan, who you
also know a couple of days ago,
and he's going to just
tell us a little bit
about what their finding, OK?
Let's go to that.
>> Patrick Flanagan: I have a
full spectrum Geiger counter
that is able to measure
everything
and tell me exactly
what is there,
everything from plutonium
232, uranium, weapons grade,
reactor grade, plutonium,
CCM 137, iodine 131,
all of these isotopes
we can measure precisely
with that device.
It's coming over and
polluting the waters
of the entire west coast,
all the way from Canada,
all the way down to the
tip of South America.
And there's a huge amount of
radiation in the water and some
of it's also in the air
sweeping over because...
and in fact, we're getting
more radiation than the people
who live in Japan are getting
because it's all
blowing this way.
I've tested a girl who lived
right on the edge of Fukushima
and she had less radiation in
her body than people in Hawaii
or some of the people
coming from the west coast.
>> Regina: Ooh, that
kind of flies in the face
of what Obama was saying at the
top, "No need for the citizens
of the United States
or elsewhere
to be concerned about this."
That's not true.
And we will find that
there's a complete absence
of the information now that
it is being made available
by other sources.
We're going to go another
scientist in a moment.
That's being made
available to us.
But this is kind of
an underground circuit
of information, not to
the public at large.
And we're going to talk about
what some of the effects
of that radiation
exposure on these
ongoing, lower levels
is here.
But let's talk about
how it's being deposited
in other places particularly
in the United States now.
We're going to go to Adam
Trombly who I also spoke
with a couple days ago.
>> Adam Trombly: On August
28th of 2013, I was sitting
in my office at the Institute
for Advanced Studies at Aspen.
And this meter that I have on my
desk wherever I am, basically,
suddenly, there was
an alarm going off
for really much higher
levels of radiation
than are normally present, and
to the point where I put it
on a certain function and
the entire screen was red.
I mean not the-- I mean, you
know, it was all in alarm,
and it wasn't like a pulse
of alarm, it was constant.
And I thought, "Well, gee, I
wonder if there is some kind
of radon event that's
happened here in this building.
So I went outside and it was
like almost twice
as bad outside.
It was really bad outside.
It was worse.
And then I walked down the
street in both directions,
and it was the same everywhere.
And then various places
in town it was the same.
We'd been having some
rains, and it turns
out that those rains must
have been very hot rains
from these isotopes
that are floating
around in self-organizing
ionic clouds from Fukushima all
over the world and we
just happened to get hit
with a really heavy
concentration August 26th
and 27th before August the 28th,
and on August 28th as well.
Probably, even, you
know, on August the 25th.
The bottom line is that a friend
of mine took a nine inch corer
and stuck it into the ground
to see if the soil was hot,
and it was hot, nine
inches down.
So it'd been soaking rains,
and it had already
been raining a lot.
So it was kind of like
we have this indication
that this huge pulse, and this
is happening not just in Aspen.
This happens all over the place.
>> Regina: So one
thing we'll bring
up here is he's using the same
device as Patrick Flanagan.
It's the 17,000 dollar
Geiger counter.
It's not the one
you get at Kmart.
And it is very sophisticated
in what it's able to pick up
and we don't need to go
into any of the back story
as to why it should have
plutonium, CCM, uranium,
and all these different
things in it.
But that's what's in it.
You know, this is--
So we know that.
We know that we're being
exposed to that and we know
that these kinds of hot
rain clouds he's talking
about are happening
all over the planet.
So that said, that
means we're all being--
to one degree or another exposed
to radiation, to say nothing
of all the atomic testing
over the course of 50 years
that happened around the globe.
So, what do you-- from what you
have learned in your research,
what are you seeing as
the most common spikes
in chronic diseases?
What kinds of conditions are
we seeing spikes in as a result
of most likely at least
partially radiation exposure?
>> Volynsky: Well,
definitely any kind of
endocrinological issues.
So anything that's hormones,
especially for women
'cause this is
where we get hit
first, unfortunately.
So any hormone disturbances
you might be experiencing a lot
of times that's attributed
to exposure to radiation.
Definitely cancer rates too.
I have seen some data
on mortality of infants.
I don't know how accurate it
is but it would make sense
because infants are
so prone to such--
>> Regina: Sensitive.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
They're so sensitive.
So just even a little bit
can push them over the top,
especially there's the
kind of toxicity levels
that we have in general.
And the kind of stresses we
have, and what are children are
born with already wit kind of
issues.
So we have some of that.
>> Regina: Well, thyroid,
I know that's part
of the endocrine system.
>> Volynsky: Thyroid.
>> Regina: But it seems
like that's epidemic now.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
And thyroids-- that comes
from combination
differently of things.
And a little bit of
iodine 131, you know,
if you get that into your system
that can make a huge difference
on how you're going
to be functioning.
So, yeah, thyroid issues,
for sure, because it's part
of endocrinological system.
But also just general
fatigue, you know, and like me,
myself chronic fatigue, it has
to do a lot with your sodium,
potassium levels and the
sodium, potassium pump.
And the CCM 137-- 131,
I mean what they say
that you get a lot with this
kind of low level radiation,
especially over time because
iodine has less of a lifetime
and CCM can stay for--
in an environment for
quite a long time.
It gets concentrated
in the liver,
in your heart, in your muscles.
So it's like kind of get
spread all over the place,
so it can affect
variety of systems.
>> Regina: What about
the plutonium?
>> Volynsky: Oh,
well, that's big ones.
You-- Of course, brain
functioning, you know,
the heart, the liver, the
side effects, the whole body,
and that is very
dangerous one as well.
And the interesting thing is--
things like CCM and iodine.
Those are manmade.
They were not here, you
know, 60, 70 years ago.
They only started
occuring in the environment
with our nuclear testing
and with events like this.
So our bodies are not used to
them because there're a lot
of radioactive particles
that our body is used
to like the radioactive
potassium that you find
in bananas, you know, like if
you eat a lot of things, whoa,
it's as much radiation
as it is in banana
or as much radiation as
there is in, you know,
in a flight that you
are taking, right.
But your body got
used to the potassium.
>> Regina: There's more
natural background radiation.
Yeah.
>> Volynsky: Exactly.
And your body got used to a lot
of those natural
radioactive particles.
But there hasn't been
enough time for us to evolve
to get used to these
nuclear particles.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: Right.
So they're affecting variety
of systems, and it also depends
on where the person is
at and their genetic weaknesses.
So these low levels radiation,
you also affect your
lipid oxidation.
So you get a lot of the active
species, you know, radioactive--
>> Regina: What does that mean?
>> Volynsky: It means you
get radical-- free radicals.
>> Regina: OK, free radicals.
>> Volynsky: So in the low
radiation usually affects your
free-- affects
fats, fat cells.
And in the fat cells, you have--
a lot of times, a
lot of stored toxins.
So you have the pesticides,
the fertilizers
that we get exposed to, heavy
metals, and kind of other things
that you might get exposed
to in a daily basis.
If you get a reaction
happening in that cell,
you get all of those things
released into your system,
not just getting a
damage from, you know,
the radioactive particles
affecting your cells
and dying around.
It's also all of those other
things that gets released
into the system and your body
will have to deal with that.
And a lot of us is just not
equipped to deal with it.
>> Regina: And we are seeing
increased levels of fatigue,
also mental fogginess.
It seems that a lot of people
seem somewhat overwhelmed,
and part of it is
just life and stress.
Everything is moving very fast.
If you want to go really
esoteric and metaphysically
in that direction, you would
say, "There is a speeding up.
There is an impulse for us to
go through very extreme change
within our being right now."
But there's something
beyond that's very tangible
and very physical in these
fatigue levels as well,
these mental fatigue levels.
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
And it also affects all your
brain functioning, obviously,
not just fatigue, but, you
know, we've also seen a lot
of rates going up, with
depression and ADHD
and any kind of, like,
mental disturbance.
It's all connected.
It's-- You can't
separate those things.
You can't separate heavy
metals from radiation
and from the other things that
they're getting exposed to.
It's just here.
It's part of the environment.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: And unfortunately,
a little bit of radiation
if the person is already
in thea critical state can
just push them over the edge--
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: -- rapidly.
>> Regina: But now we talk
about the good news part of it,
and that is you're obviously
now in vibrant health.
You do things that are-- I mean,
I know what you do as a routine.
We talked about it off camera,
the kind of workout that you do.
One of them is-- I
have you tell you this.
You run up Cathedral
in the morning.
Now Cathedral is a very
famous Rock in Sedona.
It's my favorite
place in Sedona.
But-- And I've climbed
it many times.
Now, just going up to the-- up
that crevice, up the base of it,
that takes some time and
you're huffing and puffing,
but you run up that
and down each day.
So, the point is you've
recovered your health.
>> Volynsky: I did.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: And it took time.
It took a lot of
research, finding people
that were giving me
information and a lot
of experimentation on myself.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: It wasn't
just a short, you know, hill.
>> Regina: No.
>> Volynsky: No.
It was really, you know,
focusing on my health,
just stopping everything
I was doing
and finding those solutions.
>> Regina: But what
I love about you is
if you find something is off,
you'll actually take a sample
of blood and you'll
take it to the lab.
You'll make sure that you
see exactly what's going on
and you've been relentless in
the pursuit of your urinalysis,
to see what's improving, what's
not, and seeing what's working.
So you are a living
walking laboratory.
But it had-- But the--
>> Volynsky: My own
experiment, my own lab rat.
>> Regina: You are.
You're your own lab rat.
>> Volynsky: Yeah, absolutely.
>> Regina: But the point is--
I mean you've helped thousands
of other people, help
detox from these things.
So, let's talk about now
what you feel are some
of the most critical
elements that we need to take.
Let's just talk about
supplementation,
take into the body to
begin chelating or pulling
out these heavy metals,
including radiation.
>> Volynsky: So, when
we're talking about removal
of those things, there
are several things
that are usually
known by people.
There is chlorella
and Spirulina.
Those got a lot of research
and a lot of publicity.
A lot of people know about them.
The zeolites--
>> Regina: Zeolites.
>> Volynsky: Zeolites.
>> Regina: Explain zeolites.
>> Volynsky: Zeolites, they're
kind of like little cages,
you know, like when
you take them in,
they cage those particles.
And a lot of times they remove
it, but sometimes they don't.
So, zeolites are really good
for detoxifying those particles
out of your body, and
also heavy metals as well.
But I find that when
you have kidney issues,
it's harder for the
body to filter it out.
Then there is of course
MSM, we're talking
about at, and MSM is
extremely amazing at
just sulfating all of those.
>> Regina: For anything.
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
>> Regina: I had a friend
who was a doctor who was kind
of off the radar
for obvious reasons
because he was practicing
the reversal of cancer,
and he put everyone on
a three-week protocol
of MSM before he would even
introduce anything else
to start sweating the
toxins out of the cells.
>> Volynsky: Yeah, yeah.
>> Regina: So that's good.
Yeah.
>> Volynsky: Yeah, and then
it's also brown seaweed extract
that's been used a lot.
>> Regina: Yes, brown
seaweed extract, yes.
>> Volynsky: So that's
a really nice one
that can be taken very
easily by a lot of people.
It's also combinations
of cilantro,
and there is also
combinations of cilantro
with zeolises.
It's like all these
combinations of things.
But what I find that works
amazingly well and it's kind
of more across the border.
Everyone can take
it as apple pectin.
>> Regina: Apple pectin.
>> Volynsky: Apple pectin.
>> Regina: It sounds
so innocuous.
>> Volynsky: I know.
>> Regina: So simple.
>> Volynsky: You
know, it's interesting
because when you start reading
and researching about this,
you won't find as much
in western nutrition
about apple pectin.
And actually what was used
in Russia was apple pectin
for detoxing children from
Chernobyl and even in my area.
So it was a very easy to get.
>> Regina: Was this studied
by the Russian Academy of
Sciences at the time?
>> Volynsky: Absolutely, yes.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
It was studied quite a bit.
And what was happening
is it was cheap.
It was easy to give to children.
It didn't have any,
you know, side effects.
So children can take
it very easily
and you could hide
it in the food.
So I actually talked to my
grandmother said, "Yeah,
they were giving us-- giving
it to you in your dessert."
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: -- basically,
you know, so.
And apple pectin is
extremely natural substance
and it's kind of like a sponge.
So it gets into your
intestinal tract
and it just starts sponging and
cleaning all that stuff out.
It's-- It attracts all the free
radicals and attracts negative,
you know, like, heavy metals.
And it's also amazing at
balancing blood sugar.
It helps with your
fat metabolism.
It's a fiber, too.
So it's great for
intestinal health.
>> Regina: Why--
You know, this--
in America there are
so many detox centers.
But I don't really hear that
they use so much of apple pectin
and why is it not
that well-known?
>> Volynsky: Well, it is
a lot of times in some
of the supplements and
it's more like-usually,
you get apple fiber and
not the apple pectin.
There is two reasons.
Fist of all, apple pectin that
is pharmaceutical grade is not
as available here
in United States.
>> Regina: And it.. should it be
pharmaceutical grade, I mean?
>> Volynsky: Well, it's just
more effective, you know.
If you get an apple pectin
from a store, usually,
it's very crude kind of apple
pectin that's used for canning,
you know, making jams.
It's not the same stuff.
>> Regina: But they do have--
they do have supplemental
apple pectin as well that's not
that pharmaceutical grade.
There is that in between place.
Can that be helpful?
>> Volynsky: Yes, it can be
helpful, absolutely, yes.
It's just-- if you
are looking for one,
just make sure it's apple
pectin, not apple fiber.
>> Regina: OK.
>> Volynsky: So a lot of times
it will say apple pectin,
but in fact, it will
be apple fiber.
>> Regina: But because
you're so rabid
about getting the
best of the best.
I know that you ran into some--
also some study going
on regarding apple pectin
a specific kind that came
out of Poland and that's where
you became really intrigued.
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
I got really intrigued by
apple pectin, you know,
when I got this sample
from Poland of apple pectin
that was-- not just
pharmaceutical grade but it came
from this little, tiny place
that has a specific conditions
and they were making this apples
that don't grow anywhere else.
This is one of those
things like wine, you know,
like you get wine that's
like one door, you know,
like you got a wine that's like
amazing thousand dollar bottles,
the next door is
like something that's
like you sell for 5 dollars.
Same as this place, it's just
amazing conditions developed
this tree and these apples that
have this apple pectin inside
of the peel that is
super, super strong.
It's actually, it was--
they try to use it for jams
and it was destroying their
jams, you know, it's so strong.
So it got forwarded to a
scientist to study like what's
so different about it and
they found it was just
super concentrated.
And they started making
the supplement out of it.
And when I got exposed
to it I was just shocked
to see how fast it
removes, you know,
heavy metals out of the body.
>> Regina: And you were
doing testing all the way--
>> Volynsky: Yeah, yeah.
>> Regina: -- with people's
hair samples and so forth.
>> Volynsky: 'Cause I'm
always curious, you know,
to see something
that works better
and I keep tabs on everything.
So when I saw that, I was like,
wow, this is really amazing.
And just around the time I
got invited to come to Japan
and this was right
after Fukushima
and I was really interested to
see what's going on in there
for myself, not just, you
know, hearing stories.
So when I got that apple pectin
in my hands, I was really,
really certain that nothing
is going to happen to me
and already everything else that
I had even if there was a lot
of radiation, I knew
I'm going to be fine.
I could consume food there.
I could consume water there.
And I did, you know, for
several months at the time.
And I didn't get
anything in my body.
So--
>> Regina: Because you are also
using these protocols already.
>> Volynsky: Yeah, I was
using combination of things,
so I was really solid
in what I usually do,
which is one part is removal
and blocking those, you know,
radioactive particles
like with apple pectin
and zeolites and MSM.
The other part is also
remineralizing the body.
>> Regina: Remineralizing.
>> Volynsky: Oh, yeah.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: That's a big one.
And that's why I think
you might not see as high
of cancer rates in
Japan because--
>> Regina: They have a
mineral rich diet, don't they?
>> Volynsky: They have--
If any culture was able
to handle a situation
like this, it would be them.
A lot of studies on healthy
thyroid are based in Japanese
of what they get usually daily
and their diet through seafood.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: So they were
already naturally equipped
to deal.
>> Regina: And sea vegetables.
>> Volynsky: Sea
vegetables, it also have a lot
of probiotics in their diet.
>> Regina: Yes.
Naturally fermented food.
>> Volynsky: Absolutely.
Their lifestyle is
completely different from ours.
They're big into alkalinity,
alkaline water those--
all of those factors--
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: -- help you
be a healthy survivor.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: There was actually
study in Hiroshima
by Allie Steward that she was
looking people who survived
and she figured it out that--
actually people that
were healthy to start
with were able to
survive, you know.
>> Regina: Yes, of course.
>> Volynsky: Usually
it makes sense, right?
So, it all goes back
again to remineralization.
So, they have their prebiotics
and their gut flora in check
and they had highly
mineralized diet.
So, then you have to look
at several minerals, calcium
and magnesium to be able to--
>> Regina: Calcium
and magnesium.
>> Volynsky: Calcium and
magnesium to protect you
from Strontium because--
>> Regina: And we have
Strontium in our chemtrials
so we're being exposed
to Strontium.
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
And its actually...
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: In this, you
know, the body is very amazing.
This is called Selective Uptake
and the body has the things
that it needs like the real
potassium, real sodium,
you know, real calcium,
magnesium, they won't go
for their radioactive
particles. It won't uptake it,
it just will get it out
of the system very fast.
But if doesn't, if it's
deficient it will take it
into the body, incorporate it
and that's when it starts doing
a lot of the damage because
it's--
>> Regina: It's a bad
information being taken
in thinking that it's
one type of potassium
when it's actually very toxic.
>> Volynsky: Exactly.
So, you need calcium and
magnesium made available
for the body to be able
to protect for Strontium,
Iodine and we've heard here
that a lot usually that's
what the warning is.
To take the iodine, you know,
tablets when there's a big
nuclear thing going on.
But the fact is,
most of the people
in United States are
deficient in iodine.
>> Regina: Yes.
And there's a distinction
there and I know Patrick talks
about this a lot and exposed me
to that probably
a dozen years ago
which is there's
potassium iodide
and then there's nascent iodine.
And he's saying you have
to take both in order
to get the proper spectrum or
you can throw yourself further
out of balance by taking
iodine supplements.
>> Volynsky: Absolutely.
And that's another thing, too
a lot of times you don't want
to self medicate yourself--
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: -- with those
things as well and just going
online and taking Iodoral
and all those things.
To be completely
safe, just a Kelp,
really clean Icelandic Kelp.
>> Regina: Icelandic Kelp.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
>> Regina: OK, that's good.
>> Volynsky: Because you want
it to be clean, you know?
>> Regina: That's-- OK.
Icelandic Kelp, all right.
>> Volynsky: So, Icelandic Kelp,
any kind of seaweed extracts
there is a product called Sea
Clear that's got a whole bunch
of different sea vegetables
that have been fermented, too,
so you've got probiotics
and you have the
minerals going on.
So, this is like a safe one.
And of course then you
can kind of experiment
with nascent iodine and with
potassium iodide.
>> Regina: And what was
that-- potassium iodide, yes.
So, you can do both of those.
But that's a little
bit more I think--
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: -- individual,
you know, I wouldn't--
>> Regina: So, the Kelp is
already a full spectrum?
>> Volynsky: Yes.
>> Regina: The Iceland
Kelp is that the same?
>> Volynsky: Exactly.
It gives-- it's natural
as a whole food.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: You're not going to
go wrong with whole food.
>> Regina: And it's
not that expensive.
>> Volynsky: Exactly.
It's not that expensive
and it's very easy to find.
>> Regina: OK.
>> Volynsky: It's
very easy to find.
So, you got that for iodine
and also you need something
for your potassium because
that's what the body, you know,
needs and they obviously
in that.
So, that's CC137, that's
the predominant pollutant
from Fukushima.
That's the one that
gets into your body
if you don't have
enough potassium and--
>> Regina: And starts
taking up as potassium.
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
And the potassium--
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Volynsky: -- and sodium
has to be in balance as well.
So, it's like it's
a very fine balance.
I really like just doing
a lot of celery juice,
an organic sodium that
helps you absorb potassium
from like sea salts
and other things.
So--
So, that's again an easy fix.
>> Regina: But it's celery
>> Volynsky:juice.ly easy but--
>> Volynsky: -- you know
like making-- exactly.
It's freshly pressed--
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: -- celery juice.
>> Regina: OK.
>> Volynsky: Not something
that's been stored
>> Regina: Excellent.
>> Volynsky: -- for a while.
Those are something very
easy that everyone can do.
Celery is an amazing food
in general. I mean we're not
getting enough organic minerals.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: So, that's a
really good way of doing that.
>> Regina: I like that
approach because it's not
like everything costs
you, you know,
a couple of hundred
dollars a pop.
And there are some beautiful
things out there that do--
>> Volynsky: It was
a beautiful product.
>> Regina: -- the apple
pectin that you're talking
about that particular one is
expensive, it's hard to get
because it's coming out
Poland still, right?
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
That's-- and--
>> Regina: That one source.
>> Volynsky: -- and
it's also, you know,
there's a special solubility
package on that so it goes--
>> Regina: At what package?
>> Volynsky: -- it's
called solubility package
that they make it
soluble so a lot of--
>> Regina: Soluble, OK.
>> Volynsky: -- apple pectins
are not soluble so they--
>> Regina: I see.
>> Volynsky: -- they're
not working
as effective but this one does.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Volynsky: So, this
one doesn't just stay
in your intestinal track.
Apparently it can cross the
barrier and go into the body
and pull those heavy metals
and radioactive particles,
you know.
This is the new research--
>> Regina: And everybody
has to look at their own--
you have to look at your
own budget, your own ability
to do these things
but the information
on that will be on your website.
All these things--
>> Volynsky: Absolutely.
>> Regina: -- will
be on your website.
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
>> Regina: And they're
in your book as well.
>> Volynsky: And thre are so
many different... for each
person that has lots of
different solutions--
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: -- you
know, like you just have
to pick one that is affordable--
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Volynsky: -- that
you can do everyday,
that is within your
lifestyle and just do it.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
>> Regina: We're going
to do another clip here.
And in this particular one,
we're going to John Douillard
who I spoke
with a couple of days ago as
well and most people know him
because of his work in sacred
geometry but he is very,
very active when it
comes to the world
of restoring health as well.
Behind the scenes, a lot
of people don't know
about his work there.
But just as you found this
apple pectin out of Poland,
Hungary started responding
to the problems of Chernobyl
for their citizens as well.
And they made some
discoveries having to do
with these Earth minerals
particularly humic acid
and folic acid.
So, let's go to this
piece from John Douillard.
>> John Douillard: When
Chernobyl happened,
a lot of that radiation
came into Hungary.
And that's when they shifted
their attention to try
to find a way to
heal this problem.
And they found that it was
humic acid and folic acid
that was the key to
this for Hungary.
And it worked.
I mean it solved their problem
but we were not able to use
that data, that information,
anywhere else in the world.
They just-- nobody like the
United States will not allow it.
That has to be come
out of Hungary.
So, this is the best thing
that I have ever found
is humic and folic acid.
Regardless, even if
it's a bad source,
its chelation abilities
are still very good.
>> Regina: I find that one
really interesting as well
and of course in Sedona a lot
of people are aware of this
and take these various there--
there are different
people that formulated
in these various products.
It sounds like John Douillard
was able to talk the Hungarians
into giving him the very
specific ingredients needed
so he can formulate.
So, there's another that we can
go with and that seems to be--
>> Volynsky: Yes.
>> Regina: -- well researched.
It's a quality one.
And that is again
chelates the heavy metals
out of the body as well.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
>> Regina: So, that's good.
And finally, the part of the
story that we really don't talk
about is the consciousness
aspect of it
because what's happening
is the people that do know
about radiation exposure
tend to go in mass.
We tend to go into fear over
it thinking, "Oh my God.
My life is going
to be shortened."
But again, from a metaphysical
point of view, life is much more
than just exposure to toxins.
People are able to survive
insurmountable types
of obstacles that seems--
>> Volynsky: Absolutely.
>> Regina: -- and live
to be ripe old ages.
So, let's talk about
the consciousness part
from your perspective and then
we're going to have a little--
lets see into it, Patrick and
Adam feel about it as well.
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
That's actually part of
my protocol, you know,
we got to remove and
immunolize repair,
you can to do repair your DNA
as well because antioxidants,
this one is very easy, everyone
knows about antioxidants.
And the last one is the
calibration, that's how I call
and that's the conscious
piece, recalibration.
>> Regina: Recalibration.
>> Volynsky: So,
recalibrating your body,
your energetic body,
your spirit.
Because its massive amounts of
energy, you know, in radiation
when there's radioactive
particles,
it can literally shift
your energetic body.
I do work with GDV
which is a Russian--
>> Regina: Konstantin Korotkov.
>> Volynsky: -- technology.
>> Regina: I've interviewed
him with this.
If anyone wants to take
a look in the archives
under Konstantin Korotkov,
that's in the CNN archives.
>> Volynsky: Yes.
I highly recommend
checking this one out.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: And so, I
have one of those cameras
and I always check things--
>> Regina: Of course.
>> Volynsky: I'm curious.
I'm curious cat.
So, I did see that people
that are more expose
to radiation had their
energetic body shifting.
It's not the same, there's
a whole bunch of raggedness,
there's holes and
it's not as full.
So, it does affect the body
but then what I was looking at,
what will shift the
energetic body?
Meditation, positive thinking,
you know, little tools
that you can use like
heart math monitor
so you should basically
doing breathing, Pranayama.
All of those things
were rapidly filling
out the energetic body
right after the exposure.
Same as their negative thoughts.
If the person continued being
in fear, and being stressed,
you know, stressing out
for the next 15 minutes,
it was getting worse.
It was not, you know,
getting any better.
So, it start me thinking on this
whole conscious part how is our
thinking and our state
of emotions are going
to effect our physical body and
how we can transform ourselves
without even using
supplements just by the power
of our spirit and our thoughts?
So, that being like a big part
of my research, and
that's what excites me
that you can't do that, it
can affect your physicality
and the environment
around you just as that.
And the interest thing also
was that it get me thinking
about this as when I was
researching low levels
of radiation, there was a lot
of study showing how it is
read negative on the body
and how this is like-- all
these horrible things happening
but then there's a whole
bunch of research showing
that the people getting
over cancer
and they were getting all
sort of powers, you know.
>> Regina: It's true.
I interviewed a Russian woman
a few years ago named Elena
Tonetti-Vladimirova again go
the CMN Archives at Gaiam.
I did a full interview with her.
She was raised near a
leaking reactor in Siberia.
Half the people thrived and
the other half had mutations
in their offspring
and were sick.
>> Volynsky: So-- yeah, I
could totally see that--
>> Regina: Because--
>> Volynsky: -- depending
from studies
so it's started me
thinking of, "OK.
So, you got all these
energy happening,
you even got this
radioactive particle,
with all these energy, right?
Because it's charge particle.
If you thought direction
isn't a positive, you know,
place and you got your spirit
like positive recharging
forward.
You can actually might suddenly
transform your physiology
for the better.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: Right?
>> Regina: And not only that.
We're having more extreme
exposures to radiation
from the sun, this is
coming in for purpose.
None of this is an accident
so to speak because--
>> Volynsky: It is not.
It's kind of evolution of the
fittest in a way, you know.
>> Regina: Well, on
that note, in fact--
>> Volynsky: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- this
is a good time to go
to Patrick's statement on
exactly what you're just saying.
So, we're going to listen to
Patrick but we're also before
that going to hear Adam
Chambley.
That event, he was
talking about in Aspen,
which is actually
over 100 mile area.
He was just a physician
in Aspen.
Something very interesting
happened after that.
The second half of that
story when he started looking
at the higher, more
spiritual aspect of working
with the quantum field and
radiation and consciousness
so let's go to that piece.
>> Adam Chambley: We need
to see some thing happen.
We need an intervention here.
And people say things
to me like, "What?
Why would you?
I said, "Yeah, I'm a scientist."
So, I relate to the
infinite field of radiation
that every other molecule
has been absolutely proven
to be a modification of finally
by the Higgs-Boson I mean
the way before that it was.
And I relate to this
field personally
and so this field is not just a
field, it's a conscious being,
it's a conscious awareness.
And there's all kinds
of expressions
of conscious awareness and
I don't even know, you know,
I'm not necessarily addressing
people by name, you know,
I'm just saying, this
needs to change now.
We know how to change this.
We know this is all mutable,
this is all phantasmagoric
even the radio isotopes.
We have to have faith
but not stupid faith,
not an informed faith.
We have to have faith.
And actually incarnating,
as human beings,
in a way that we
haven't yet incarnated.
And I can tell you, all I can
tell you is that from 3o'clock
in the morning until 7:30
in the morning when we woke
up feeling completely different
than we've had for several days.
My meter which was actually
on a stool by the bed
which should been
all red at 3o'clock
in the morning was not
only reduced to normal,
it was half of what normal was.
Not only that but the
soil samples were clean.
So, the air was clean,
the soil was clean,
and then for scientifically
speaking, you know,
that's not going to happen.
You know, this was actually
you could call it a miracle.
>> Regina: And then Patrick
also talks about his experience
and what he feels is happening
with radiation and our DNA.
>> Chambley: Our
DNA is changing.
It does evolve.
And I believe that the
DNA is a super conductor.
It's an antenna.
And I believe that the radiation
can possibly stimulate genes
that we don't even know about
and possibly even change the
number of strands on our DNA.
There's a lot of speculation
and that maybe the case.
>> Regina: What intrigued
me about that statement
from him was when I
mentioned a moment ago is
that we are also being
exposed to this increase
in cosmic radiation at this
incredible time in history
when the species does appear
to be making a leap forward both
genetically and spiritually.
So, I find all that--
all of it fascinating.
It doesn't mean we should be
careless and not take care--
>> Volynsky: Absolutely.
Yeah.
>> Regina: -- of the
physical components
of this kind of toxic exposure.
So, on that note,
Katrine, what--
give us any final thoughts
on the subject about all
of us being exposed to
radiation now that you would
like to before we end
this show?
>> Volynsky: It's an
invitation to evolve.
To--
>> Regina: To evolve.
>> Volynsky: -- evolve
to a new state.
That state that I heard
someone call homo spiritus not--
yeah, so being a
spiritual being.
So, yes, there's always things
in place and we also have access
to all these technologies and
amazing resources like people
and supplements and
we just getting more
and more understanding.
So, we are in amazing place
to make shifts in ourselves
and affect the environment
around us to help clean up--
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Volynsky: -- Mother Earth
from a conscious place.
>> Regina: Yes.
Absolutely.
Well, Katrine, thank you
so much and we're going
to talk again your
book, "Staying Alive
in a Toxic World" is really
just a fabulous users guide
to coming back from death's
doorstep to vibrant health.
And even if we're not
on death's doorstep,
we all want vibrant health.
So, we'll have another
conversation
at a later time about that.
Thank you so much for your time.
>> Volynsky: Thank you Regina.
>> Regina: To connect
with Katrine's website
for health coaching, you can
go to katrinevolynsky.com.
All of the information
about the products
and elements we just talked
about can be found there.
Meanwhile, I feel it's important
not to fear radiation rather
to proactively handle it the way
you wish from our state of mind
to our food and our supplements.
It's all energy in the end.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]